♪ (somber music) ♪
I lost my husband 10
years ago in January,
and he used to walk with
me just about every day.
He was such a sweet man.
There was a big tree that he loved,
a big oak tree on the corner.
Every time I walk past
it now, I look up at it
and I think about him.
I really miss him.
I just like to get out in the sunshine
and do things and go be outdoors.
I have a friend named Betty,
and she walks with me a lot.
Betty and I, we have a good time together.
Besides, when I walk with her,
I always find out all
the neighborhood gossip.
Yes, I have, where you go from
neighbors to neighbors, yes.
I was walking over to
her house the other day,
and I got about halfway there
and I started getting short of breath
and I started getting a
pain right about here,
and it was kind of scary,
so I sat down on the corner,
and I tried to pull it all together.
I did, and I got over there,
but I realized something was wrong.
Well, Patrick insisted
I go see Dr. Bennett,
my primary care provider.
I didn't want to go.
Okay, we've got some crackles.
Dyspnea on exertion and angina.
Dr. Bennett was there,
and he said something about
dyspnea and angina.
I asked him what that was all about,
and he said I might have a heart attack
and he wanted me to go see a cardiologist.
I wasn't happy at all.
I didn't want to hear that kind of news.
I did ask Dr. Bennett, I said,
"How much do you think that will cost?"
He just kind of shrugged
his shoulders and says,
"I don't know."
You know, I don't want to sound like
one of those little, old
ladies who's so bitter
and talks about their
health issues all the time,
but I'll be honest, I'm scared.
If I can't walk again,
really, that's no way to live your life.